NOTE: This is proprietary licensed and purchased font. To verify my purchase
feel free to contact me by e-mail.

FaceType – End User License Agreement (EULA) FaceType thanks you for reading
this license and taking the time to understand it in detail! Your support makes
this foundry possible.

We provide two types of licenses: personal and commercial. Certain conditions
apply for both and we cover those before the specifics.

Acknowledgments FaceType is willing to license the licensed product to
Licensees only on the condition that the Licensee accepts the terms and
conditions contained in this agreement. By placing an order for and accepting
FaceType font software (electronic data), or by downloading the software
accompanying this license, the Licensee acknowledges that he has read all of
the terms and conditions of this agreement, understands them, and agrees to be
bound by them.

If the Licensee does not agree to these terms and conditions, he must promptly
cease download or use of the licensed product and return the licensed product
to FaceType or its reseller for a full refund of the license fee which the
Licensee paid for the licensed product, and the Licensee must immediately
delete any portion of the font software installed on Licensee’s computer(s).

If you intend to create a trademark, logo, brand or corporate identy, a
multinational campaign using any of FaceType’s typefaces or if the number of
prints for large commercial projects exceeds 250,000, a special font license
solely issued by FaceType is needed. Please contact us for more information:
info@monolisa.dev.

1. Personal license For personal use, you are permitted to use the typeface on
your own computer(s). However, you are not permitted to use the typeface within
a commercial context and share the typeface with others in any way.

In other words, you can use the typeface for developing a product but not as a
part of a product. For specific restrictions per plan, please refer to the buy
page.

To give you further examples of what you can do with the personal license,
consider the section 3.a but keep the overall constraint (i.e., no commercial
usage) in mind.

2. Commercial license To cover the commercial case, we provide a specific
license that provides more freedoms. Again, this depends on the specific
subscription chosen. In short, the commercial license allows the following
types of usages:

Desktop/print usage (section 3.a) - i.e., using the typeface on your computer
or as a part of your prints Web usage (section 3.b) - i.e., hosting the
typeface on your infrastructure and using it as a part of your web product
Application usage (section 3.c) - i.e., using the typeface within your
commercial application ePub usage (section 3.d) - i.e., using the typeface in
your commercial ebook The sections 3 to 6 below describe commercial use cases
in further detail.

3. Use cases 3.A DESKTOP 3.a.1 Definition You may install a font into your
computer’s operating system and use it in any of your applications that contain
a fonts menu such as TextEdit, Microsoft Word, Adobe Photoshop or Indesign.

3.a.2 The Licensee May Create print documents, posters, business cards, goods
for sale, (such as clothing apparel and accessories), physical goods, static
images, and other objects like stationery, mugs, T-shirts and the like.

3.a.3 Embedding Restrictions PDF embedding of the font software into PDF
documents is only permitted in a secured read-only mode that allows only
printing and viewing, and prohibits editing, selecting, enhancing or modifying
the text.

Licensee must ensure that recipients of PDF documents cannot extract the
FaceType font software from such PDF documents or use the embedded font
software for editing purposes or for the creation of new documents.

If you are unable to limit access to the document to ‘printing and viewing’
only, the electronic document(s) may not be used on computers that are not
Licensed Computers.

Examples of non-commercial, not-for-profit permitted usage include PDF
documents supplied to Service Bureaus, printers, or any documents that
disseminate personal, internal or business information.

3.a.4 Number of Users The number of users allowed depends on your plan
(personal, subscription) and the restrictions have been communicated at the buy
page.

3.B WEB You can embed the purchased webfont into your website (a group of pages
related to one domain, including sub-domains).

FaceType is not responsible for installing, embedding, hosting or updating the
webfonts. Web design agencies or hosting providers are not allowed to share a
single license across their clients’ websites.

3.C APPLICATION You can use the typeface in an app for iOS, Android, or Windows
Phone or any other mobile OS, and you intend to embed the font files in your
mobile application’s code. The amount of installations across the platforms (i.
g. iOS, Android, …) is unlimited.

Application usage includes incorporating the font software into your hardware,
software or any other products, such as application programs, interfaces, EPOS,
WEPOS, POSReady, operating systems, electronics, electronic games,
entertainment products, video on demand, gaming devices.

3.D EPUB You can use the typeface for creating layouts for publications
intended for Kindle, iPad or other eReaders, ePublishing, ePub, eBooks, eZines,
proprietary reader devices.

General You agree to inform your employees or any other person having access to
the FaceType software and copies thereof, of the terms and conditions of this
Standard License Agreement and to ensure that they shall strictly abide by
these terms and conditions.

You agree that you will not export or re-export the Software in any form
without the appropriate United States, European, and worldwide government
licenses.

You agree not to sublicense, sell, lease or otherwise transfer the electronic
data without the prior written consent of FaceType.

Grant of License In consideration of payment of the license fee, included in
the price paid by the Licensee for this product, the Licensor grants to the
Licensee a non-exclusive right to use this product, which consists of
electronic data to display and output PostScript®, TrueType® or OpenType®
typefaces. The terms of this Agreement are contractual in nature and not mere
recitations.

Prohibited Usage This product is licensed only to the Licensee, and may not be
transferred to any third party at any time without the prior written consent of
FaceType.

The Licensee may not modify, translate, adapt, alter, decompile, disassemble,
decrypt, reverse engineer, change or alter the embedding bits, the font name,
legal notices contained in the font software, nor seek to discover the source
code of the font data, convert into another font format, create bitmaps, add or
subtract any glyphs, symbols or accents, or any other derivative works based on
the electronic data in this product.

The Licensee may not supply, directly or indirectly, any FaceType font data to
any other firm, business or individual for any type of modifications or updates
whatsoever.

If the Licensee needs to modify or update the font data in anyway in the
future, FaceType solely will perform and invoice this additional work at its
normal prevailing rates.

The Licensee may not duplicate, modify, adapt, translate or create derivative
works based on the printed materials that may have been supplied with this
product. It is a breach of this license agreement to use the product in any way
that infringes the rights of any third party under copyright, trademark, patent
or any other laws.

In the event of infringing uses by the Licensee, this license immediately
terminates and the Licensee is solely responsible for any such infringing uses
including all legal and other damages that may be incurred.

Ownership FaceType retains intellectual property rights, title and ownership of
any of its electronic data provided. This title and ownership extends to copies
of the data installed on any computer, downloaded to any output device, or
retained on other media by the Licensee as a backup.

This license does not constitute an exclusive sale of the original product to
the Licensee. This Agreement does not grant you any right to patents,
copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks (whether registered or
unregistered), or any other rights, franchises or licenses in respect of the
electronic data.

No rights are granted to you other than a License to use the electronic data on
the terms expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Licensee further
acknowledges and agrees that the structure, organisation and code of the font
software are valuable trade secrets and confidential information of FaceType.

The font software is protected by copyright including without limitation, by
Austrian, and United States Copyright Law, international treaty provisions, and
applicable laws in the jurisdiction of use.

Copy Restrictions This product is copyrighted and contains proprietary
information and trade secrets of FaceType. Unauthorised copying of this product
is expressly forbidden.

You are permitted to create backups of the font software, provided that: (a)
they are stored only at the site where this product is licensed, and (b) the
full copyright information is included with each backup copy.

You may be held legally responsible for any infringement of FaceType’s
intellectual property rights that is caused or encouraged by your failure to
abide by the terms of this Agreement.

Disclaimer Except as expressly provided above, this product is provided ‘as
is’. FaceType does not make any warranty of any kind, either expressed or
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

No oral or written information or advice given by FaceType, its dealers,
distributors, agents, or employees will create a warranty or in any way
increase the scope of this warranty, and Licensee may not rely upon any such
information or advice.

FaceType shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, or
incidental damages or any other damages of any kind whatsoever (including
damages from loss of business profits, business interruption and loss of
business information) arising out of the use or inability to use this product.

Because laws governing the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages vary, the above limitation may not be
applicable.

Limited Warranty See the refund policy for exact details on warranty and
refunds.

Termination This Agreement is effective until terminated. This Agreement will
terminate automatically without notice from FaceType, if the Licensee fails to
comply with any provision contained herein.

Upon termination of this Agreement, the Licensee must: (a) destroy all copies
of the electronic data, including the copy on the disk media originally
provided in this product, (b) destroy all written materials provided with this
product, if any, and (c) provide FaceType with written verification that the
product has been destroyed.

Severability If any provisions of this Agreement are held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be severed from it, and
the validity, legality and enforceability of its remaining provisions shall not
be affected or impaired.

Waiver Waiver of any right(s) at any time shall not constitute waiver of any
right(s) at any future time.

License Agreement This Agreement may only be modified by FaceType. FaceType
expressly reserves the right to amend, modify or change this Standard License
Agreement at any time without prior notification.

Jurisdiction This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the
Licensor and Licensee. FaceType may only modify this Agreement. The laws of
Austria govern this License Agreement.

The FaceType collections are the brands and trademarks of FaceType. PostScript
and Flash are registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc. TrueType®, OpenType®
and Silverlight® are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. All other
brand or product names are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective holders and are duly recognised.

© Copyright September 27th, 2022 – FaceType
